Update create-secure-guest-sharing-environment.md (#10196)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/solutions/create-secure-guest-sharing-environment.md

## Set up web-only access for guests

> You can require guests to not access your teams, sites, and files from non-compliant devices using non-browser client applications. Instead you'd want them to use web browser only. This reduces the chance that they might download sensitive files and leave them on an unmanaged device. This is also useful when sharing with environments that use shared devices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You might require guests to not access your teams, sites, and files from non-compliant devices using non-browser client applications. Instead, you would want them to use a web browser only. This reduces the chance that they might download sensitive files and leave them on an unmanaged device. It is also useful when sharing with environments that use shared devices.
```
